OK.
Can you see my screen?
Yes.
OK.
Hi everyone.
Umm, this is the address and to
be process flow for FERT updated
version.
But Nutrition India and.
Yeah, this is the updated as is
process for Ford.
Uh, but it does code and the
flow starts from the Veritas
system.
Well, with the lift, our system
will do the input input the
basic data into the trade SPEC.
That's it, global UDC global MI
codes are maintained and that
the data is collected.
Uh and sent through emails to
the Veritas system and the flow
continues to the GRD system,
where the MDM team will do the a
port allocation or creation.
Does the local classification
such that a PM XTEL, on TDU DRS
and RSU and the flow goes to the
Atlas system where the MDM team
will do the material extension
to fails of 388 distribution
channel to 1011503599 and plans
too in 002 in 19 and the flow
goes to R2R finance team where
they'll do the enter planned
pricing into SAP and costing
update and the OC Finance team
will do the pricing update in
material and distribution
channel level.
The MDG team will do the testing
before sharing to end user and
activate the code.
Uh.
Then the process ends.
Note is that a costing costing
is not relevant to RSU scenario.
Sandilya, thank you.
Thank you for the updates.
Yeah.
Why the code allocation creation
with jiten happening in GRD?
It is happening through GRD yes,
but users interact in Veritas.
Is it different in India?
Yes, Sir.
And this can you please answer
the question.
OK extension.
Hello.
Yeah.
And.
Were there any question?
So the code allocation creation
with kitten.
Yes, the code creation happens
in GRD but users don't see GRD
when they it and even same thing
for jiten it's happening
performed through Veritas
system.
Yes.
Is it really master data doing
it in GRD or is it happening in
Veritas?
Individuals.
OK, done that.
The first bullet point that GRD
block needs to be revised.
So sorry I didn't get you, could
you could you please come again?
Uh.
In under GRD system block, the
third block and it looks like
What was?
OK, OK.
master data is making the code
creation budgeted.
You didn't see it's either
process GTIN is generated right
as part of process right?
So that that is being generated
in the GRD system only.
But before that we have to enter
all the information in the
Veritas system, right?
So based on the condition based
on the umm FERT conditions,
jiten will be generated in the
GRD system.
But I mean whether G10 required
or not required those type of
scenarios will give in the
Veritas.
OK, based on that the data will
be interfaced to Jade system and
GT number will be generated in
the GRD system and it will it
and it will be replicated in the
variety of system again.
Umm.
Why aren't you creating directly
in? Through Veritas?
Veritas says the GT and
generator it takes it from GRD,
Be yes.
but with the MO selected it
gives based on the prefix, yeah.
It is.
It is being celebrated.
Yeah, you're correct, Sir.
It is being generated in the
Janki system only.
We are not creating manually the
Veritas, sorry.
No, no, I'm.
I'm saying it is happening in
Veritas, not in GRD.
For the rest, why it is like
that?
Or am I missing anything
Jessica?
As uh, do you mean that in the
third column in GRD system the
Yeah.
first point code allocation and
creation with cheating should be
removed because the GTM can be
created in Veritas and master
data doesn't need to manually
use the GTM function creation
function in MDG?
In Jade system, so you want us
to remove the first point right
Yes.
code allocation and creation
with GTIN.
If that is.
Yeah, this is the is this
process flow I want what what I
Umm.
am raising here but what is the
right thing to reflect here?
Because this is, this is not to
be.
Is it really happening in GRD
system?
Hmm.
That's a surprise.
I am trying to validate and then
accordingly we review to be
because you will, we wouldn't.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Why do you need or why master
data team needs to go to GRD
system to do that, while it can
be done and it is done by other
Hmm.
regions in Veritas.
The first time.
Alright Mallesham I I think I
understand as as a question.
He want us to move the first
point because in Veritas, if
Company.
user input the GT related
information, say how many digits
do they want, do they have a
AMOE code?
And then such information will
be interfaced to GRD system and
OK.
then it will be it will revert
back GT in Veritas.
So Master data team doesn't need
to manually do anything in JRD
system.
That's why he want us to remove
the first point.
Now the.
And are you OK with that?
Hello, Molly Shannon.
Yes. I'm.
I'm.
I'm listening to you, Jessica.
Hmm.
So I'm just, yeah.
So yeah, that means in GRD
system for master data users the
only thing that they need to do
is to maintain the local
classification.
Yes.
See, right now it's.
Is that correct?
Yes, yes.
Right now also we are
maintaining the local
classification only, but we are
not creating uh GTIN jiten
Hmm.
number manually.
Hmm, alright. Yeah.
It is system generated system
generated number and it is a a
constant series you know
dedicated to Mars right?
So based on that, that whatever
that series is there based on
Hmm.
that system generates that code.
All right. OK.
Which system?
So that is the train, is it
Veritas or GRD?
Because Veritas does the same,
it takes the number from GRD
It takes the number from GRD.
nobody needs.
That's what I'm saying.
Yes, yes, you're correct.
But do do you generate it in GRD
manually?
Yeah, but it has.
No.
So why do we have code
allocation and creation with
kitten here under master data
responsibility?
He pardoned could problems.
That's so they don't do anything
right but.
Hmm.
They will not.
They will not create.
Hmm.
OK, then maybe umm.
But it does switches.
All right, then.
Maybe we, uh, then?
Yes, we can move the the first
line in the J ID system for
master data team.
Yeah.
Sandia, Sandia.
Can you remove the first line
code allocation and creation of
OK.
GTM?
Yeah.
Do you want me to do now?
Yeah, you can do that now I
think.
Yeah.
You you marry more now, yes.
Uh.
Yeah.
Yeah, we yeah, correct them
immediately.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Thank you.
And that's reality, right,
Mallesham.
So we, we we are trying to
identify the as is the current
Yeah.
Yeah, got it.
way of working, you don't do
anything those things in GRD.
OK good, yeah.
Got it.
Umm.
OK, where do you want me to put
that? What?
No, no, no.
You don't need to put a note.
We know that.
Ohh.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Elena.
So just to query Jessica so not
related to this, but the general
I think.
Umm.
question, do we I mean post
implementation of MDG system for
material, do we still have AMP
access to US master data team?
Uh, once we once the the the
project is finished and India
pet care is live in MDG, then
you should not have the S right
OK.
to AMP or grading system
anymore.
Uh, because such things will
happen in MDG system in the
It.
future.
But but remember when we
discussed the ROH and verb, we
will still create the code in
Gerard system right until later
on global deploy.
A big band project to remove the
Jaydeep users to MDG system and
at that time you will lose all
the SSRI to Jared system.
But before that I assume you
should still have the access
right to GRD system to create an
OH.
Uh, sure.
Uh, see why I'm asking is sorry.
And.
What about the world?
Why I am asking is we as you
know, we have discussed earlier
also we have one senior scenario
right copacking scenario.
So those materials still need to
be, you know, maintained or
Yes.
created in the AMP system.
Yes.
So that is the reason I'm just
asking this question.
Hmm, yeah, I think that would be
the next page.
This is the S process for
Veritas code.
We also have another page is the
SS for for COPACO.
Yeah, I'm just.
I I get it.
I yeah.
I generally asked the question
not related to this process,
OK.
Yeah.
And Jessica, you you mark the
India Master data team to have
Yeah. Umm.
actually the type.
MDG MDG General data access.
In the other initiative right
already.
Hmm. Yes.
OK.
Be the material type of access
would you don't know labeled.
OK, I think let's continue.
OK.
Yeah.
Now this is the to be process
updated general data enrichment
for where it does go umm.
Everything else is the same as
before. Uh.
The only change is that.
What allocation of creation will
be done in the GRD system?
No, no, you I think we can
remove that one because we we
delete that one in previous page
then this this tile can be
removed.
OK.
So I don't remove it right now.
Yeah, you can remove that.
The whole town, you can remove
that.
All but, but this is the Gray
one, right?
This is the Gray, the Gray area.
Yeah.
Then you hear me.
Maybe it's just the data sync, I
don't know.
Yeah, that's.
I said you want to remove that
or you want to keep it and then
change the master data to data
sync. Umm.
Better.
Yeah, my suggestion is Sandilya.
Only remove the MDG box so that
Geordi system will remain and it
Hmm.
Oh.
Said yes, yes.
will implement like replication
is happening.
Umm.
Yeah, yeah.
Hmm.
Yep, that's OK then.
Yes, yes.
OK, only empty box is removed
and.
Yeah, that's all.
And.
You can keep it as it is like
that.
OK.
Love the MDG system.
The flow goes to the MDG system
and the Mt team will do create
the change request ZZAPMATL 02
enter local classification
ZZAPMATL ZZAPMATL CR will be
auto approved and the process
will end not no manual entries
are expected to be made in the
GRD system.
The Moe Codes and global
classification data interfaces
from Veritas System.
There any doubts here of move?
Looks good and clean.
Yeah.
And this is the to be process
for plans or sales extension.
Let us go.
Uh, the flow starts from the
general attachment with the MDG
system.
Uh MDM team will do the change
request.
Umm 7 PLN 202.
Let's say uh material will be
extended to sales of 388 and
distribution channel to
101130503599 and plans to end
002919.
The CR will be auto, auto
approved and the flow goes to
the Atlas system where the
finance team will do the enter
plan plies pricing into SAP and
costing update will be done and
the OC Finance team will do the
pricing update in material and
distribution channel level.
The flow goes to the MDG team,
the MDG system where they'll do
the testing before sharing to
end user and the creation of
change request will be done for
a field maintenance.
So them BLTC HG.
That way that division of code
will be done status status
change from 03220 and the
process will end not for FERT
RSU scenario the costing run and
planned pricing data are not
required.
And the questions here.
OK, who did?
That is, until there is a
change, or if there will be a
change on the responsibilities
and if finance makes the status
change.
But this is the way we will go
like, right?
And if it changes, it changes
later.
I think now we will have master
data and finance user both to do
Yeah.
the status change, but finance
user is only limited to some
import products.
Yes, you had mentioned that last
time.
So.
So do we need to call it out?
Yeah.
Maybe as a note or.
Yeah.
So I think on on this page in
the MDG system, the second tile,
the second tile maybe change
that from MD to MD Slash
Finance.
Yes.
OK.
Mallesham, is that OK?
Yeah, just.
Yeah, because I remember Kanika
from finance team will also
change the status, although it's
a very limited scope, just the
import products.
Sandilya we can proceed.
OK.
And this is the updated as this
process for compared copack code
creation.
And.
Here as well, the flow starts
from the GRD system.
Code allocation of creation will
be done in the GTIN, the MDT, uh
Sheela.
Remove here as well.
No, that happens in GRD, yes.
No, no, no.
Yeah, yeah, this is.
This code is created in justice
system so we should not remove
the first line in the justice
system.
OK.
And the data collection will be
done and sent through emails to
the GRD system.
And the MDM team will do the
internal code like global
classification ZZGLOBAL UDC
Global uh local classification
ZZAPMATL on TDU and TDU RSU and
RSU.
And the flow continues to the
Atlas system where the MD team
will ohh extend the material to
sales or 388 and distribution
channel to 1011503599 and plans
to N00 to in 19.
The flow goes to the finance
team.
To our finance team, let them do
the enter planned pricing into
SAP and uh.
Does the costing update and the
O2 C, Finance team will do the
pricing update in material and
distribution channel level and
the empty team will do the
testing before sharing to end
users activate the code and the
process ends and here the notice
goes costing is not relevant to
RSU scenario.
Shall I move to the next slide?
Well, actually one change here
actually input here the authors
Yep.
how to see uh block is there.
No, the arrow should come from
marketing team, not from
finance.
OK.
That's it.
Thank you.
Well, change it now.
Yeah, this also needs to the.
So financial public go to the
tower, right?
Marketing.
Marketing too, you know, or to
see.
Good marketing to OC.
Yep, as the same day where does.
But it does.
OK, so I'm with the very task,
OK.
That yes, yes.
So should I move to the next
slide?
Please continue.
OK.
Ohh this is the two be process
plant cells extension.
What copack, where it was scope.
I'm not gonna.
The flow starts.
Of the general data change to
the MDG system where the MDG
team will create the change
request. Ohh.
The extension ZMPLTCHG 02 ohh
material will be extended to
sales of 388 and distribution
channel to 1011503599 and plans
too in 002 in 19 the CR will be
auto approved and the look goes
to the R2 or finance team like
they'll do the enter planned
pricing into SAP and costing
update will be done and the.
Data will be collected and sent
to the Atlas system through
emails, and the Otoc finance
team will do the pregnancy
pricing, update in material and
distribution channel level and
the MDM team, or MDM or finance
team will do the testing before
sharing to end users.
MDG change requests will be
created for a field maintenance
and the activation of code will
be done status change from 03 to
20 and the process will end and
note is creation and general
data maintenance processes will
remain in GRD and will be moved
to MDG along with the word
creation after ZPC 0 to go live
for further RSU scenario the
costing run and plan pricing
data are not required.
Any questions here?
Have Mallesham.
That means after the MDG
deployment for India pet Care go
Yeah.
live, you can still create a
code in GRD system but then
later on once the zipper CO2
function is available in MDG
system and then global team will
remove every user from Jaydeep
system to MDG system.
At that time, users will lose
their access right in JRT
system.
They need to do those kind of
work in MDG system in the
future.
Bullish and I'm not sure if I
make myself clear.
The.
Just, just just, uh, I lost in
between Jessica.
Uh.
All right.
So.
Say umm for example.
Now our planning go live for
India.
Pet care is in April and then
after go live date, users can
Yeah.
still create the general data in
GRD system and then global team
OK.
is now having another project.
They will remove all the users
from GRD system to MDG system.
The the the the final date is
not confirmed yet, but that may
happen in Q2.
So as I'm not sure if you have
any comment on that, but after
the global big band project to
remove all the users from GRD
Alright.
system to antig system, then you
users will will not have the
access right in Jaydeep system
anymore.
They will need to create the
general data in Ng system
instead.
OK, then how about OK in the MDG
system?
Hmm.
Go back in scenario.
Yeah, in.
And did you system you, you, you
can use the CO2 to create the
OK.
general data for copack
scenario?
This is only for FERT or other
material type.
No other material type,
including as a.
Then.
Please go ahead.
Yeah.
Anything not created in Veritas
not supposed to be created in
Meritus.
What about the plant maintenance
in this material type is not
included in this MDG scenarios,
right?
OK.
Sorry, can you repeat?
So yeah, apart from uh part
codes, we have ROH work.
All these are covered.
We have, apart from all these
things, we have plant
maintenance module also with us
manufacturing the factory.
OK, plant PM module so.
You mean the the MRO spare part?
Kind of materials.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
OK, they they A.J.
Is leading another work for
that.
It will not be at the same time
but from A.J.
Or Jeffrey, I can't check his
surname.
They are leading the transition
from GRD to a new system
landscape, not to not be only
MDG.
There will be also another
system.
No.
It will come a bit later, but
they will confirm the timing and
the the mechanism to move it
will be handled.
Maybe not in Q2 A.J.
To confirm the time.
Yeah, because, uh, we have that
module.
So we need to create a those
materials.
Also, right now we are using MP
system right?
So if they access is denied,
suppose that we will not be able
to create these PM material
codes.
That's the reason we are just
raising raising this concern.
Yes, yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, we we are.
We are separating.
That's true.
We are keeping it separated.
The spare parts, it will
continue.
It will also move out of GRD A
but until it is moved out of
GRD, you will continue doing it
in GRD.
OK.
No worries about that, yeah.
OK.
OK. OK.
It it?
No, I I have changed in the
meantime.
I I'm really sorry, I I
completely missed the call.
OK.
To be honest, I thought it was a
daily one, so sorry for that.
No problem, Stephanie.
Hello stuff.
Yeah.
Thank.
Thank you.
Where shall I move to the next
slide?
OK.
Yeah.
And that that has and to be
process failed maintenance, but
Yes, I'm good.
is the same as before and the
notice, uh plan specific
material status update is not
needed for for materials since
they are defaulted with 20
during extension as no costing
run is required.
Yeah.
And as you all know this that
this scenario description and
sales of description and
distribution channel and plants.
And this is the automation
percentage of what?
96% or?
Can you go back?
Sorry to previous slide.
Yes.
No, it's OK.
Yeah, yeah.
OK, so Gowtham you want to just
be here, please?
OK.
And.
Uh sandyville.
So last time we discussed and go
to the previous one.
No.
So last time we were discussing
right, one action point came up
that if we want to increase the
automation percentage if new
scenarios are needed or not.
So Gowtham you, we need that
decision, right?
Yeah, that's so I believe I can
see that Mallesham just paint
that they don't want any new
scenarios.
They want to keep it as it is,
but so Jessica, will you agree
with that?
So can we continue like this
only?
Yeah, I think it's fine if
Malaysian make the decision that
they want to keep the profit
center editable.
Stephanie anessa.
Previously, we were thinking do
we need to split the one
scenario into different scenario
so that they can make the profit
center default to a certain
value and keep it only during
extension.
Because maybe it's possible to
divide the scenario into three
domestic sales expert cells, or
ISC cells, but maybe it it's not
very easy to define the scenario
and and to connect the scenario
to the profit center.
So Mallesham ping US and he
wants to keep the profit center
editable.
I think it's OK because even if
we keep the profit center
editable it it's highly possible
that in most of the cases they
won't change the profit center.
Only if that's for export sales
or that's for IC cells, they
will change the the profit
center.
And even if we divided one
scenario into multi into several
scenario and then change the
profit center from editable to
read only, you can see we that
that won't in crease the
automation percentage a lot
because for the other three
fields special special
procurement, procurement type
and FPPS source it's it's very
hard to make them read only or
split into more scenarios.
So that to make them read only.
So I'm OK if we keep those four
fields editable during extension
and give the the user the
flexibility so that they can
change during extension.
If there is a need.
Are you OK with that, Stephanie
answer.
So you mean, so, so you mean
just you get some profit center
will still be defaulted in the
scenario, but with the
possibility to be edited and
translator, is it what you mean?
Yes, no, no.
If we keep that editable, that
means even during extension we
can change that from A to B.
If there is a need because you
can see we for the TDU, we only
have one scenario.
We didn't divide this scenario
to three like the domestic cells
Umm.
or export cells or ISC cells,
because maybe 95% should be
domestic sales and then only a
very small percentage is expose
cells or I SC cells.
So in their team would like to
keep just one scenario and then
keep the profit center editable
during extension so that they
have the flexibility.
If that's for export sales, then
when they do the extension they
can change the profit center
directly.
No, I I understand.
Yeah.
The thing? Yeah.
When one of the principle in
fact is that we we want to make
sure that the data is right the
first time.
Usually this is more to to make
sure we have data quality
Hmm.
because as you need blanket you
know that you will maintain it.
Having it by default, there is a
risk that it can be led by
default by mistake.
That is the only thing.
Umm.
Uh.
And will you use bots or any
other?
External extension as extension
capability.
It's the box.
Will we use it in India?
Sorry I don't understand the
question.
You know through the Excel and
Excel file there is a mechanism
to extend multiple materials.
Will this be used in India?
The chat button just.
Yeah.
Checkbook.
Chatbot right?
Had Parkinson, yes, yes.
So if you want to maximize the
efficiency that will come from
the boats, then it is always
good to target the full
automation.
Otherwise, even if you extend
100 materials for a need or a
project, you will need to go and
check all of them.
And so that's why it would be
good to automize it with the
right scenario, right value.
Here.
Very possible to minimize set
that kind of manual
interactions.
Oh, I I'm not sure more molition
do you have any comments here?
No, I said.
Actually, we thought, I mean,
yesterday day before yesterday
also we discussed around this
and so 99% of the materials has
the same profit center and very
few scenarios we have different
profit centers like export
scenarios.
So we may have different kinds
of scenarios in the future.
We are not sure.
So that's the reason we wanted
to have this field is editable
only, so I don't think so.
I mean, as you're saying, the
efficiency would be, you know,
coming down probably because
mostly more, more than 95% of
the items are having the local
material profit center only.
So so we we discussed internally
also end up the day we wanted to
have the flexibility around the
profit center as well.
Thank you.
So leaving it editable is one
thing, but if we know already
the different values, it can be
automized with different
scenarios, why do we skip that
we don't have so many first
scenarios already, it will not
create a big complexity.
The I think I needed.
Probably.
Wouldn't it be better to
directly default everything but
the facts that you know today?
Percentage.
I'm gonna be there.
If so, of finance team wanted to
have the flexibility and also
user today we have only three
scenarios.
Tomorrow it may become the more
number of scenarios, so at that
point of time we should be
having, I mean we should go for
another scenario, right?
So instead of all these things,
you can go with the double
field.
So if at all if it is required
any other profession, then we
change while extending,
otherwise it will be similar
one.
Doesn't make that much.
Uh, big differences are it's my
view.
But what?
What?
What would be the constraints of
having a scenario specific for
export with the profit Center
for export?
But it put me.
What?
The thing that.
What is the constraints of doing
that?
My lizama.
You're only person, yeah.
And I want to see.
Are Stephanie, can you repeat
the question again?
Yes, sorry.
And I was saying what?
What is the constraints that to
create a new scenario just for
expert with the specific profit
Center for export?
Because if you do this scenario,
it means in the future if you
know you have one item for
expert, you can directly take
this scenario and the profit
center will be defaulted with
the correct value.
And I'm just trying to
understand what what is the
constraints of doing that?
Maybe I am missing something.
I'm just trying to understand
why why we are not doing it.
Molly.
Shannon, can you please?
The Stephanie is asking what?
What's the constraint?
Yeah.
Why we don't want to create
another separate scenario for
So yeah, Jessica.
export?
Music.
I just note told right.
So The thing is that right now
we have only three scenarios
currently.
In the future, you may have more
number of scenarios also.
OK. Local.
No IC market become other profit
center and Bangladesh.
We can export from India
directly, so there could be
different.
I mean local, there could be
some different scenarios.
OK, so if you want to have a
different scenario 4th scenario
50, we want at that point of
time since these fields are
fixed for profit center OK at
that point of time it will be
difficult to move forward right?
Again, we have to praise for
another scenario, right?
You're getting my.
Because how many profits until
do we have in total?
So right now we have three stuff
in we have 31 profit center is
for local market and most of the
material codes are being
generated for this code.
And second one is for export
Philippines and the third one is
I think there are three.
So right now the the Indian
market, local market code is the
most likely created code most of
the time, 95 more than 95%.
We are creating local codes.
Means only one uh problem set
up.
You have been using and at times
we use export, export
Philippines export.
We just started for choppy and
you we may mean business may
take decisions to export other
brands also like pedigree viscus
Shiva like that.
So at that point of time, if you
want to have different profit
center again it will be
difficult for the development
and all those things, right?
So there will be business
disruption.
Hence, we wanted to have
editable feel and if so, in that
case means if you want to have
more number of scenarios.
Also we can directly go and edit
input or profit center there if
it is required.
Otherwise, we can just continue
as it is.
This is the.
This is my comment you.
How many materials do you have
like for export and the other
scope?
What export only one meteor?
For example, to only one
material today.
Ohh, for choppy export only one
minute aerial and yes
Philippines, Philippines country
and so.
One brand or two brands or two
materials you mean?
My face?
No, it's Sir, we are exporting
to Philippines only one
material.
OK.
But from that we have IC market,
but I see market there will be
more number of brands.
Several brands are there.
Correct.
OK.
So we we are creating a kind of
a small.
The say get four data code.
It can be missed.
While we could automize it, I,
but yes, I think we discussed,
you know, I don't know what you
think stuff.
Yeah.
And I mean it.
Then we we explain what is
possible after.
I would say it's up to you how
you want to to to make it
Yeah.
happen, but yeah, I I still feel
there is an opportunity to put
this scenario in place, but.
So it's different if you want to
have a difference in right now,
we can have three later point of
time after six months or one
year if the business wanted to
have four profit center or we
will be doing.
Be well, it there.
We cannot, but based on the
case, if it is only very minor
Yeah.
case, maybe it can be considered
as to move it out.
But today, after how many years
you have only three profit
centers being used.
So it mustn't be too complex.
I know that our projects like
central finance projects SIF and
or maybe some other financial
activities that may bring a
We took the.
change, but they don't bring
changes every day.
Maybe during just the transition
to see if it if you have, if it
is not done for India yet, so it
mustn't be a data that will
change very often.
Finance wouldn't want that
either.
So will there be any?
I mean he, I mean by continuing
editable field, will there be
any issue?
Any issue with anything like
that?
Do we see any challenges?
So the the the more we automize,
the less we live for manual
change rights, higher the data
quality and probably the
Yeah, I agree.
efficiency that that's the only
point.
Yeah, I agree.
I agree.
Yeah. Yeah, I agree.
So The thing is, that's what I'm
saying right now.
No, I I I 100% agree with you.
But in this comma, in this
scenario, we have currently we
have 3 scenarios, but in the
future you may have different
types of profit center also.
So at that point of time, what
will be the option?
Is there something?
No, you know, is there something
known today?
Did you receive such a a target
to change the profit centers?
Restructured them or just the
assumption?
So see, as per finance team like
you know previously we started
exporting to Philippines
recently, right?
OK.
So at till that point of time,
we we did not have the not
Umm.
profit center issue means
changing the profit center.
So the moment when we started
exporting to Philippines Profit
center has been changed.
So similarly, if you have, you
know business want to have some
other scenarios in the future.
So at that point of time, it
will be difficult to proceed in
the system, right?
Immediately, what do you say?
So we will have a mechanism.
You will be able to raise such
needs to change a rule or to
create a new scenario it based
on the change.
It can be quick, like if it is
just changing the defaulting
rule, but if they need is too
complex like creating a new
scenario or a new plant, it may
take a little longer, but there
will be a a mechanism to revise
what what is being said now.
But of course, we do not expect
a very often changes because
those scenarios are rules.
Let's.
They are being set like that, so
we we are for example, wherever
we go, we are not trying to
default fields like minimum
safety stock or for example
because that that kind of
Them out of money.
changes may differ by material
and may change.
And then you don't want letter.
Sorry, do you hear me?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, they such fields may
change very often and may have
different values to set.
So which could inflate, increase
the number of scenarios so we
are not setting them, defaulting
them through those scenarios,
but things like profit centers.
I think we probably be defaulted
everywhere, so that's why we are
questioning the that topic.
Otherwise we are not defaulting
everything that may, especially
the ones that may have a change
or too many different values.
Profit center is a critical one
for finance.
You only have 3.
I'm changes time to time.
See if we need levitation, but
again they will not change it
after the implementation.
Again, probably for a long time.
Hey so I see that you discussed
with finance and maybe it is
better to not change it without
again addressing with finance,
but this is for their better
data quality and set up as well.
So maybe it is not understood
what we are trying to do here,
because increasing scenarios
from one to three wouldn't
create any problem for your team
or for finance.
Nothing, because they will not
see them.
Even A and if there is a change
on the profit center one day on
those scenarios can be requested
to change.
Probably it will be quick and
but if you need to create a new
scenario then.
And.
So I think we here we we both
hear each other.
Just plain option on that.
I don't know how we will, how we
will conclude.
Hello.
You said that.
Uh, hi Sir.
I decide where no.
Hey.
Yeah, it it.
Is there any possible to default
profit center in plant level?
Yes.
It's.
Ohh once we extend on the all
materials then we can change the
profit center is possible.
So well, those scenarios can
default different values for one
fields.
Sorry for one field.
Those scenarios can set
different values at each plant
so that you will see one
scenario, but based on the plant
selection, the value to be
defaulted will change.
No, no.
After extension will done after
extension, we can change the
property center.
Yes, yes, the the read only or
editable.
It yeah, there is a possibility.
What?
What profit center?
It's only for extension stage.
After the extension, you are
free to change the profit
center.
If there's a requirement, of
course.
It is a possible right?
You usually profit center.
You will, I think.
Yeah, go ahead, Lisa.
But go ahead.
Ever since you usually profit,
center remains editable for
finance anyway, in case there
are some needs for change in the
future for any project or
whatever.
So profits and there always
remain editable at the end for
the for the owner of the field.
Here what we are trying to do is
move to make it correct the
first time after extension
without having to change it
straight after the extension,
but it will remain editable
anyway in case of needs.
Is it available that change
management now?
It's not to have it.
Sorry.
It is available for the change
management, no, I mean the
profit center also will be we
can we change that?
I mean profit.
We we'll always be editable here
for finance people because it
can be changed for any reason in
the future or any project and it
changed so.
So it will remain editable but
but that we are trying to do
here is to have it correct the
first time when you extend.
What we would like to avoid is
to automate something and then
you systematically have to go
back to the material because you
know it will not be correct.
So if we can do it right the
first time, this is what we are
trying to achieve with the with
the new scenario in fact.
And in fact, what we have to do
is here you have one scenario
where you would say it's always
this profit center and then the
finance person will say ohh it's
an expert.
So I go back and I change my
newly.
What we are trying to do here is
if we have a a scenario for
export with the right profit
center when you will extend you
will you know it is an expert.
So you will choose this this
scenario and the profit center
will be correct already without
finance needed to go to go back
You can probably better.
to it.
You know, finance really.
But it would still have
editable, right?
But again, what are you? Yeah.
You.
You don't talk to me. No.
It is only for taking the
approval for finance.
And it should.
So sorry.
In these MDG role there is
nothing.
Role in the finance and right
now, how do we change the
finance and the graphic setup?
What do you mean we don't have
any role?
So they so finance will not use
MDG at all.
Is that what you mean?
Yeah, yeah.
Right now MDG will not be using
the finance is not using MDG
system right?
Of uh.
So we sent, we will change
profit Center for the moment, is
A good.
Umm.
it you?
For for our project finance,
they don't have the access right
Uh.
to profit center master data
team will have the access right
to profit center.
So as mentioned before, we only
or editable, it's only limited
Yeah.
when you are doing the extension
after the extension is
Yeah.
completed, all the fields you
are using now is editable
including profit center.
So when you finish the the the
extension you are able to change
the profit center.
If there is a need, but why?
Yeah. OK.
Stephanie or S1 to make it read
only during the extension
Got it.
because they want to have the
data right the in the first
time.
So when when we do the
extension, that's the first time
we have the plan data.
We want this data to be correct
if it's read only then that
means when you defer a value,
you know what's the situation.
But if it's editable, that means
if you define the scenario
already, but user is able to
change that from value 8 to
value B, during extension, they
are free to do so.
That's why there is a risk that
if user is not familiar with the
system or with the scenario,
they are free to do so.
That's why. Yeah.
Yeah, they, they, they try to
explain why we want to keep this
rate only.
OK.
So there will be a change right
for master data to edit
Look up.
anything.
Of course, we have business
needs.
They will be changed and
actually my point why we are
maybe challenging the approach
here for profit center, why
don't we automize why don't we
set a rule or even the
additional scenario if required
that that's the point we are
Yeah, mother.
being otherwise there will be a
right to change of course in the
Mother. Hello.
future even be quiet.
At plant level, we can keep,
right?
Yes, plant the profit center
could be set up at plant level,
Yep.
even in the same scenario, even
in the same scenario.
For example, if we have a
scenario for local sales and
then this scenario will be
applicable for many plants, we
can set up different profit
Center for each plant.
It's OK to do so.
The system has such function.
No ohg it's.
Do you think anything is just
picking one?
Because to defer expert.
Is it a specific plant?
It just one second.
Looking on.
While export, do you have a
specific plant?
Yeah, we have a specific
specific in the sense, no, it is
it is a where using for one
mother warehouse and as well
export.
And we have a dedicated plan for
ISL.
Hello.
Once we get.
Yes.
So so you you can use it.
Something different.
You.
You mean you you have a specific
plan for export, but another one
which is common to with a with
another one.
Japanese.
So.
But I use this sales, there is a
dedicated plant code for export
sales.
We don't have dedicated there
with them in this criminal.
OK, so so means for IC plant
already you you can you can
default to another profit center
using the same scenario?
Everything, everything.
Yeah.
Is that weird?
Yes, the baby something, yes.
So it is it what we have in the
bearded today.
Do we put specific profit Center
for this plant?
And again please.
For for this specific plant for
IC sales, do we put already the
I.
good profit Center for this
plant which is yes, we are doing
Yes.
I don't like.
that already, yeah.
Yeah.
OK.
No, I would say let let's.
Yeah, if you can have.
I mean, what?
What we have here will work.
Of course it it will work, but
let let's have a sync again
about it.
I think on your side, if we can
create this additional scenario
for.
For export that after the scene
is more that when when you
OK, OK it longer.
extend the item you can choose
it directly to have the correct
profit center.
That's it.
Without having to modify again
later, because especially if you
are using chatbot because using
chatbot, everything will be
automated so.
It is your you have to go back
to each item when it makes sense
to change it again or you have
it right the first time.
And the New Testament?
Maybe it's it's worse that you
you review that well, maybe one
more time, one more round with
the team, yeah.
OK.
Yeah.
OK.
I will discuss with Mallesham
venue and Michael after the
meeting to see if we need to
create the export scenario is
Yeah.
that OK?
I just want to make sure. Yeah.
Yes, it's quick.
It's great.
I just want to make sure that
everyone understands the the
constraints or the advantage of
doing it, yeah.
Hmm.
But I mean, if we are doing the
the right profit center at the
plant level already is good with
the the IC expertise.
Umm.
I understood if we're.
All right. OK.
If you're ready have that, it's
good as well.
Umm.
Yeah, but maybe we need to get
the clarity.
We are saying 3 but it was
already separated by plant.
I think one of the cases last
time you were explaining in that
way, maybe we don't have that
kind of a description.
So already maybe you are already
defaulting at this for two of
the cases?
If not three, because there was
a separate plant, for example,
Yeah, OK, can you?
right?
Yeah, get.
Can you show me your next track
of the BRD to see for the
different scenario I I would do
we automate this profit center
propellant?
If you can share the the table.
You want to have a look at the
table, right?
Yeah, if you can give us a
visibility on which profit
OK.
All right.
center do we do we automate
profilometer, yeah.
I I will share now.
I will share now, can you can
you see my screen now?
Yep.
All right, here we have the TDU
TDU.
NICU senario.
This is the profit center.
Can you see my screen?
Yes.
All right, so UM, we can see for
the IN00, uh, we devote the
profit center 110059 and 110059,
it represents 96% of the data
and the other one is 110005.
It's a less than 4%.
And then.
Which is the one used for export
105.
Yeah, I think so.
Jessica, just go.
Give me one minute.
Yes. Hmm.
Yeah.
You will understand you.
Yeah, I wanna hear that and.
Nothing OK in the no.
Can you see the screen?
Yeah. Yes.
Yeah, will change the uh, the
editable fields.
You can keep that day that I N
01 plant will be default.
Value is the 930510.
OK.
And 00 is the.
What?
900 right.
What do you mean you want to
change the profit center now?
I.
Will added the actually planned
result yesterday.
Scenario plan level profit
centers.
So we have just started into the
three into the sheet 3 rows, one
is in read only 110059 profit
center and second one Scroll
down please.
And 01.
Second one is uh, I am zero.
Only second one and third one.
The rest.
No. Yes.
OK.
So we can see well I in 00.
There are two values, two
possible values for IN01.
There are two possible values
for the other plants.
Only one value, right.
Yeah.
OK.
So the last one is linked to to
export, is it?
Export.
OK, so you already have this
different sessions and.
The the.
See.
OK.
I'll clear.
I think it should be OK now
it's.
Yeah, I think it's clear as
well.
No, I think they already have
this planned dependencies.
Yeah.
For the first two lines, we are
not covering 100%.
That's the.
Umm.
Yes.
Yeah, we could have a one export
scenario to cover actually.
So can you?
Yeah, let's just stay here for a
moment.
I got it.
So if beat would have two
different scenarios wouldn't be
covered everything already?
One scenario for export which
will allocate a 110005 profit
Umm.
Center for K IN01-IN-00 and all
the others that we see at the
third line.
Here export because we are
defaulting by plant and the
other one build default 1100594
IN 00 but 900510 profit center
2IN01.
So with two scenario we covered
everything based on what we see
here.
Export?
And how about how about your
your main name?
It's domestic or the non export.
So I would expect also from
Cognizant team to recommend
this.
It generally because we are
talking about only additional
one scenario.
Based on this profiling.
Are we missing something that?
Will there be more?
What is the third one?
Will that, will we have a third
one now that which we don't see
here?
Sorry, we already have three.
OK, that's OK.
So if there is no plan to or
finance to change the profit
centers, I will recommend to
create two scenario instead of 1
and then be default fully.
You will.
You will have the change edit
access.
That's not the point.
Yeah, I see.
Are we good or? Yeah.
It was all discussed like
before.
Same thing so.
Yeah, let's review.
Maybe again, internally if you
can.
Yeah.
And and and come back here to
with your your analysis and
decision.
OK. Let me.
Yeah.
OK.
I will review with Malaysia and
venue I will book a time, venue
Umm.
and Mallesham are you OK to to
have the discussion today?
Because I don't have time to
discuss tomorrow.
Yeah.
So maybe after the meeting we
can discuss this internally and
then give the project team and a
final result.
Is that OK?
OK, sure.
Sure. Just.
Hmm.
Thank you.
Yeah, that's your bad.
Where we need to go to the WS.
Thank you.
I think and we'll be late, but
then then thank you. Yeah.
Umm.
Yeah.
Yes, yes.
And we didn't discuss about
other three fields profit center
and the special procurement key.
I think they can.
They are staying editable.
OK.
But are we defaulting them fully
100% or do we have a gap like
this as well?
Uh, we have the default value
for that.
So we are defaulting them 100%.
Yes.
FPPS source as well.
OK, good done.
Except for FPPS.
Yeah, FPPS different case.
FPPS because FPPS is blank and
we have a many data profiling
No.
OK.
result it it varies a lot.
So it's impossible to default
the the FPPS.
Yeah.
But then for the others.
OK.
But the others defaulted OK.
Yeah.
Yeah, we we before that already.
Cool, cool. OK.
For common type and special
procurement.
Right.
You have good special
procurement.
Can you go to like 67 on the
right?
Because I see you are defaulting
to 43, but if you go on the
Yeah.
Yeah, there are a lot of.
right, uh, there is a 2050%.
So what does it mean?
Hmm.
Does it mean we default and then
we go back to change it manually
or?
Venu, do you have any comment
here?
Because they.
Hello Venu.
Which one writable?
All right, Molly Shannon, you
can see here for the data
profiling result.
We have a 50% fifty 6%.
We use the special procurement
of 20 and then 28 percent is 42,
OK.
so it the 42 and then 50% is 43.
So 43 is not the most popular
value here.
It's not the major value, the
majority value, but we defer the
OK.
43.
So is there a reason that we
default 43 as the default value
for this field?
Having.
I mean, limital is going on and
in no, no.
One minute. The 43.
One minute one minute, which I
have zero flight the flight
value 43 is coming from.
The cost is the N 04 INT from
IM04.
That's why we added in the 43.
So you mean the 43 is from the
SOP, but this varies could be
OK. But.
because of the same data quality
or the the the the history
Dictation.
record.
Living data profiling output for
how many?
How many material you can
consider in this data profile?
OK, you can see 276 are using
21138 are using 4278 material
Umm.
are using 43.
Don't Dina material, though.
Yeah, I think there could.
There could be several materials
still we can say.
I think all we did not added all
materials in the in that list I
I think but we.
Yeah, I I would suggest we do a
follow up session that just if
you can review internally and
and we do another round later,
OK, OK.
yeah.
Need to drop one of them.
OK.
Even would think call it done.
Because so after that you can
set up another session.
Arpita you are still there.
With uh, she's lived.
So so Stephanie, for it would be
I think we are good, right?
OK, OK.
Umm.
Only we need another call for
this BVR discussion for
defaulting that this semi
correct.
Uh, yes, I I think you can go in
with the scenario that you have
in your way for the
configuration, but we might want
to see if we if we want to
review some of the fields or or
if we need a new scenario.
Yeah, yeah, I think it doesn't
stop you to continue with the
Well.
configuration, but then we might
need to adapt a bit depending on
The.
the outcome.
It should.
Yeah.
Yeah. OK.
OK, so I believe there will be
no change happens in the 2B.
Uh, yeah, this I think what it
will only change the any
defaulting values and or may
create some new scenarios based
on the decision business
decision, yeah.
So the Jessica, if you can
review internally with the team
to make sure we are doing the
right things and let's have
another ketchup to share the the
outcome, yeah.
All right. OK.
Because it was doing the beard
is the final BRD for for India.
Who is doing it?
Michael is reviewing the BRD
with Malaysia and venue, yeah.
OK.
Yes.
So tell you we need to
understand how such decisions
are taken, because it seems to
be a bit strange.
The bit strange?
Yeah, to see when value whereas
we have more values and even
Umm.
more percentage for other
values.
So from this, yeah, we need to
understand what is the rational
Hmm.
behind.
Umm.
All right. OK.
Yeah.
OK, good.
We need to go to the WS, I
think.
Yeah.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Thank you all.
It to you later, bye.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Thank you.